Window Concern
skidznet
public
#pgx0
Far into the jungle lies a tiny castle named Datat. Datat is known as the house over the plains to those near by. Datat has bountiful shops, a skilled chef and a cozy farmers market. The local chef is often near by to assist a good cause.
#pgx1
Each morning, chef Cetuix would climb to the back of the rooftop and look at the sky. Facing the sun with her eyes closed,  she speaks her mantra. A hard breeze ran across her body and she heard a loud noise. She could see a cloud of smoke just into the mound.
#pgx2
The chef feared for the nearby castle. She decided she would announce her concern to the residents in Datat. She demanded they get any medicine they could spare and she would make a trip to the distant castle and attempt to investigate.
#pgx3
Since almost a full night of running, Cetuix could see on to the final mound and down onto the castle. This was more than a troubled castle, this was a party. There was a monstrous beasty just on the outskirts of the castle watching it smolder.
#pgx4
Cetuix tried to spot if anyone could still be alive but it was too difficult to see. Cetuix woud have to get closer to search for survivors. If the beasty were to spot her, she might get attacked and beaten. But she should not risk the chance of leaving somone.
#pgx5
As Cetuix closed in on the smoldering castle, she could hear a person injured. She snuck in to attempt to save him. He was locked inside a shed. Cetuix pried the wall open and inquired if there was anyone else. He said him name was Doep. It was dangerous outside.
#pgx6
Cetuix and Doep carefully left the damaged home, determined to escape to shelter. The beasty had smelled a new scent and heard them. It was a ender! The ender jumped down to try to attack the survivors. Cetuix, determined to protect Doep, grabbed a weapon and ran at the ender.
#pgx7
Just as the ender attempted to fly away from Cetuix, she slide her pickaxe deep into the enders' neck, murdering it. Doep was astonished at the speed of the hero. Cetuix headed to Doep and looked at him, reminding him that there is plenty of daylight. They could walk to Datat now.
